BugherdTask_#696 (#1269)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/protocol-integration/lwm2m-bundle/shell-commands.md

{{< c8y-admon-info >}}
If enabled, the agent will periodically look for starved operations of a tenant and fail them automatically.
Starved operations are device operations which have had a status of EXECUTING and have not been updated for a long time.

> Platform administrators can configure how long such operations stay alive (as described in the *LWM2M agent installation & operations guide*). Find more information in [Additional resources > Installation and operations documentation](/welcome/additional-resources/#installation-and-operations).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From a Management tenant, you can configure how long such operations stay alive. This is described in the *LWM2M agent installation & operations guide*, see also [Additional resources > Installation and operations documentation](/welcome/additional-resources/#installation-and-operations). Contact your Operations team for further details. 
```

Reviewer: @Oezge-Akin Since the operations documentation is not available for everybody, and normal users cannot configure on platform level, we actually do not point to it in the user documentation but refer to the Operations team of a deployment. In this case, I left the reference but still mentioned to contact the Operations team. Is that ok for you?
